update: org admin permissions limitations (#662)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/platform/howto/make-super-admin.md

This role should be limited to as few users as possible for organization setup and emergency use. For daily administrative tasks, assign users the [organization admin role](/docs/platform/concepts/permissions) instead. Aiven also highly recommends enabling [two-factor authentication](/docs/platform/howto/user-2fa) for super admin.
:::

> Only super admin can grant or revoke super admin privileges for other users. Super admin
> are also the only users that can delete an organization.

Reviewer: Either

```suggestion
Only super admin can grant or revoke super admin privileges for other users. The super admin
is also the only user that can delete an organization.
```
or

```suggestion
Only super admin can grant or revoke super admin privileges for other users. Super admins
are also the only users that can delete organizations.
```

Author: There isn't only one super admin so I wouldn't go with the first suggestion. As for the second suggestion, the terminology that we've standardized on for administrator roles is uncountable `admin`. That's true for organization admin, project admin, and super admin. The plural is `admin`.

Reviewer: Ok, looked pretty off to me but was not aware of this agreement. Thanks for the clarification 🙂
